and Peterson and this is sweat Power
Yoga for the next 60 minutes we're gonna
move and sweat together in honor of
international yoga day let's sweat guys
Child's Pose take the time to settle
into your mat any thoughts of what it
took to get here what's happening after
class that doesn't matter right now
right now it's your body in your mat
downward-facing dog start connecting to
your body through your gaze your Drishti
lightly set at the back center edge of
your mat between your feet
gaze softly sets a one physical point
for a visible way to anchor your body in
every post rag doll step your feet to
your hands feet about hips width apart
grab a hold of opposite elbows fold
forward
now start dialing into your breath your
ujjayi breath deep inhales and exhales
through your nose with a lie
constriction of the back of your throat
I never really do music in my classes so
make music with your breath extended
Mountain ground down reach your
fingertips to the ceiling with feet face
12 o'clock ten toes are light on your
mat actively ground down into the four
corners of your feet turn your inner
ankles back hog your outer shins in
gently lift your hip bones up towards
your belly button as your tailbone
descends for a nice neutral pelvis a
steady foundation hands at heart center
will start class together with three
ohms
[Music]
land here for a few breaths
extended mountain inhale forward fold
bow forward let your head hang heavy
halfway lift to a flat back hands
accurately make contact with something
either on either sides of your feet or
to your shins leverage that contact for
a nice flat back a long spine high plank
top of a push up
pause in your high plank actively hug
the pit of your belly in and up towards
your spine stabilize your body with OD
ana bandha that core lock in the pit of
your belly
lean forward with your toes low plank
upward facing dog press down into your
mat with the tops of your feet upper arm
bones hug back downward facing dog
head hangs heavy actively root into
what's making contact with your mat your
palms your big and small toe amounts no
space between your palms and the mat big
inhale big exhale look forward step
forward halfway lift forward fold
extended Mountain for one inhale forward
fold exhale halfway lift inhale high to
low plank upward facing dog fill your
lungs downward facing dog
empty your lungs those series of poses
linked together are called the Sun
Salutation a actively looking to link
breath and movement if your breath
doesn't follow my cues ignore my cues
stay in the flow of your breath
of the body that you're in right now
take a big inhale big exhale look
forward step forward halfway lift
forward fold extended Mountain ground
down reach up forward fold
halfway lift high to low plank upward
facing dog
open chest downward facing dog
get nice and flowy in your body bring a
gentle bend to your elbows and your
knees to prevent your body from locking
out your joints big inhale big exhale
look forward step forward halfway lifts
forward fold
extended Mountain forward fold
halfway lifts high it's a low plank
upward facing dog downward facing dog
actively ground into your mat keep that
soft bend in your joints search for that
balance between effort and ease in your
body
big inhale big exhale look forward step
forward one more Sun a half way lifts
forward fold extended Mountain forward
fold
halfway lifts high to low plank upward
facing dog downward facing dog
take your hands a little bit wider on
your mat maybe so wide that your pinkies
fall right off and create the action
like you're turning your right palm
clockwise and your left palm
counterclockwise your hands won't
actually move on your mat but that
action will help engage your upper arm
bones and integrate your shoulders
big inhale big exhale look forward step
or jump forward half way lifts forward
fold
Thunderbolt pretend like you're sitting
in an imaginary chair four corners of
your feet ground into your mat pit of
your belly hugs in and up gently pull
your upper arm bones towards the back
wall open up through your chest
big inhale forward fold exhale halfway
lift inhale high to low plank upward
facing dog downward facing dog
warrior one right side right foot
forward back foot flat ten toes are
light right knee works the stack over
your right ankle at the same time root
down equally into the outer edge of your
back foot a balanced action in both feet
from skin to muscle to bone hug into
your legs take a big inhale high to low
plank exhale upward facing dog downward
facing dog
warrior one left side left foot forward
back foot flat
build your foundation from the ground up
and imagine there's like a shepherd's
crook gently pulling on your back thigh
and you want to resist that pressure
gently work to square your hips towards
the front of the room feel that gentle
opening in your hips
big inhale high to low plank exhale
upward facing dog
downward facing dog
we'll move through those poses again
linking breath and movement called a Sun
Salutation B stay strong in your breath
and stayin the flow of your breath
big inhale big exhale look forward step
or jump forward half way lifts forward
fold
thunderbolt one inhale forward fold
exhale halfway lift inhale high to low
plank exhale on your way down upward
facing dog fill up downward facing dog
yet empty warrior one right side big
step forward one big inhale high to low
plank exhale upward facing dog
downward facing dog warrior one left
side ground down lift up high to low
plank upward facing dog downward facing
dog
yeah that consistent oje breathing
builds a lot of tapas a lot of heat in
our body you always have the option to
exhale through your mouth to release
some of that heat but after you do so
come back to your eje breathing in and
out of your nose
keep stoking that inner furnace between
your ribs
big inhale big exhale look forward step
or jump forward halfway lifts forward
fold
Thunderbolt ten toes alight forward fold
halfway lifts high to low plank upward
facing dog strong legs downward facing
dog
warrior one right side high to low plank
upward facing dog downward facing dog
warrior one the left side ground down
into the four corners of both feet high
to low plank upward facing dog downward
facing dog
bend your knees a little bit more and
gently tilt your sitting bones up
towards the ceiling ground down into
your palms and press your hips closer
towards the ceiling nice feel that
lengthening of your spine
big inhale big exhale look forward step
or jump forward half way lifts forward
fold
Thunderbolt forward fold
half way lifts high to low plank upward
facing dog downward facing dog
warrior one right side lift your gaze
high to low plank upward facing dog
downward facing dog warrior one left
side high to low plank upward facing dog
downward facing dog
we have one more Sundby move through it
one more time like it was your first
time stay actively linked to your breath
and your gaze big inhale big exhale look
forward step or jump forward halfway
lift flat back forward fold
thunderbolt gazes to the horizon our
higher
forward fold half way lifts high to low
plank upward facing dog downward facing
dog
warrior one right side take up a lot of
space on your mat high to low plank
upward facing dog downward facing dog
warrior one left side high to low plank
four breaths here
powerfully slit in and out of your body
bring your feet together at the back of
your mat lift your right foot towards
the ceiling
flex your lifted foot bend your knee
peel open to stack your right hip over
your left hips are nice and open towards
the sweat wall decide to stay here or
take flip dog flip dog feet are hips
width apart all ten toes face the back
wall hug into your core and press down
into what's making contact with the
floor steady breath steady gaze big
inhale high plank exhale feet together
heels to the right right side side plank
right knee can come to the mat left leg
can lift lift your gaze off the floor
actively hug into your right side body
press down into your mat to lift up high
to low plank upward facing dog downward
facing dog feet together lift your left
foot towards the ceiling flex your left
foot bend your knee peel open to stack
your left hip over your right open your
hips towards the windows ground down
into your palms stay or flip staying or
flipping for five
four-three hug into your core to one
high plank feet together heels to the
left left side side plank bring a soft
bend to your left elbow stay flowy
gently lift your gaze off the floor
big inhale high to low plank exhale
upward facing dog downward facing dog
Crescent lunge right side right foot
forward back heel works to stack over
your back toes similar to warrior one
gently stack your front knee over your
front ankle
at the same time fire up your back leg
actively stack your left heel hands a
heart center twist towards the sweat
wall left elbow hooks past your right
knee thumb knuckles work towards your
sternum hands can stay at your sternum
or split floor-to-ceiling steady breath
breathe into the twists big inhale stay
and rinse exhale warrior two with an
inhale outer edge of your back foot
pivots into your mat opposite fingers
actively reach two opposite ends of the
room
keep that reaching action with your
hands hug your shoulder blades in
towards your spine a balanced action in
your upper body extended side angle
right forearm to your right thigh left
arm reaches overhead ten toes are light
ten fingers are lit up decide to stay
here or take a bind
the bind that keeps your chest open
towards the windows and your gaze off
the floor actively breathe into the
opening you're creating in your chest
big inhale high to low plank exhale
upward facing dog downward facing dog
Crescent lunge left side hug into your
legs and gently bring your attention to
your pelvis front of the pelvis gently
lifts as your tailbone descends pelvis
is neutral to keep equal weight in both
legs hands at heart center twist towards
the windows hands can stay or split hips
stay nice and square towards the front
of the room actively lengthen your spine
through the crown of your head deepen
your twists big inhale Stane rinse
exhale warrior two with an inhale
shoulders stack over hips feel that
gentle opening in your left hip extended
side angle really fire up your feet fire
up your legs to take some weight out of
your left forearm stay supportive with
your legs decide to stay here or take a
bind
left hip gently tucks forward as your
right hip dials up and back stay opening
in your hips
big inhale high to low plank exhale
upward facing dog downward facing dog
big inhale big exhale look forward step
or jump forward half way lifts forward
full thunderbolt ground down into your
feet sink deep hands at heart center
twist towards the sweat wall left elbow
hooks past your right knee take a quick
peek at your knees to make sure they're
in line for inline hips hands can stay
or split
big inhale stay and rinse exhale inhale
back to Center thunderbolt hands a heart
center twist to the windows get out of
your head get into your body gently lift
your gaze off the floor hands stay or
split keep your ten toes nice and light
ground into the soles of your feet
big inhale stay and rinse exhale inhale
back to Center thunderbolt forward fold
exhale fingers to toes forward fold heel
toe your feet hips width apart first two
fingers hook your big toes inhale to a
flat back a nice long spine exhale fold
forward let your head hang heavy bend
your knees
pull your chest closer to the tops of
your thighs
palms to toes forward fold release your
big toes slide your palms under your
feet fold forward
maybe nod your head and shake it side to
side remind yourself to stay loose in
your neck
crow gently release your forward fold
take your hands nice and wide on your
mat elbows bent knees bent knees work
right behind your upper arms gently work
the soles of your feet together toes can
stay on the floor or hug into your core
press into your palms and lift up stay
wherever you are for four more breath
cycles after your fourth exhale low
plank and flow to downward facing dog
take a big inhale big exhale look
forward step or jump forward halfway
lifts
forward full extended Mountain nice
breath of fresh air gently soften your
knees lengthen the crown of your head
towards the ceiling getting nice and
long
Eagle right side right leg over your
left right elbow under your left elbow
hands can touch or come to opposite
shoulders elbows gently lift to shoulder
height back is nice and flat extended
Mountain inhale Eagle left side left leg
over left elbow under gaze is softly set
to one physical point anchor your body
through your gaze
extended Mountain inhale Eagle right
side right leg over right elbow under
ten toes are light ground down into the
four corners of your standing foot
extended Mountain inhale Eagle left side
extended mountain inhale standing leg
raised right side option to grab your
right knee and flex your right foot
maybe grab your big toe with your first
two fingers or grab the outside of your
right foot
hug into your core press down into your
standing foot peel open gazes to the
horizon our higher option Otzi open your
left arm and shift your gaze over your
left shoulder leg and gaze back to
Center
kick your right foot in front of you
flex your right foot hug into your core
don't kick back yet hold here getting
nice and long for your standing foot
lengthen the crown of your head towards
the ceiling
okay now kick back airplane kick your
right foot back arms long by your side
palms face the floor actively flex your
lifted foot like you could put a hole
right in the back wall
lengthen the crown of your head towards
the front of the room lengthen your
spine hands at heart center
Halfmoon left hand to the floor or block
standing foot stays facing 12 o'clock
right hip stacks over your left standing
leg is softly bent
big inhale lifts up forward full exhale
halfway lifts forward fold
extended Mountain standing leg raise
left side
grab what you want to grab hug in ground
down peel open lower ribs gently knit in
towards your body actively hugging to
center line if you have your left knee
flex your left foot light up your entire
body leg and gaze back to Center
kick your left foot in front of you and
step up to the top of your mat airplane
upper on bones gently hug up towards the
ceiling open your chest hands at heart
center Halfmoon
give yourself the stability of standing
foot on 12 o'clock
big inhale forward fold exhale halfway
lifts forward full extended mountain
hands a heart center tree right side
without looking down at your feet take
your right foot to your left leg below
or above your knee root your right foot
into your left leg grow your tree keep
your standing toes light strong roots
and your standing foot hands a heart
center right foot me to left keep your
gaze lifted tree left side root down and
grow
gently integrate your shoulders hug them
in towards your spine melt them from
your ears hands a heart center
left foot meets your right extended
mountain forward full halfway lift high
to low plank upward facing dog downward
facing dog
triangle right side right foot forward
back foot flat right leg works towards
straight but doesn't lock out entirely
actively reach your right fingertips
towards the front of the room then pivot
your hands floor-to-ceiling right hand
can come to a block outside your right
shin to keep a lift in your chest gently
tuck your right hip under as your left
hip dials up and back side facing wide
legged forward fold press into your
right foot to stand up turn all ten toes
towards the windows hands your hips
knees softly bend fold forward
ground into your mat with your feet
hug into your legs and let your chest
melt closer to the tops of your thighs
create that balance action of power in
your lower body and softness in your
upper body hug into your core slowly
stand back up
pyramid turn your right toes towards the
front of the room back leg steps up I
mean you'd step out to the left a little
bit to help Square your hips towards the
front of the room and fold forward hands
frame your right foot torso cascades
over your right thigh let your head hang
heavy
twisting triangle right palm to your
right lower back left hand stays at the
floor or comes to a block halfway lift
to a flat back a nice long spine twist
towards the sweat wall ground down into
your feet deepen your twist big inhale
stay and rinse exhale hands to the mat
high to low plank upward facing dog
downward facing dog
triangle left side left foot forward
back foot flat
left leg works towards straight stay
soft in your knee reach your left
fingertips towards the front of the room
hands pivot floor to ceiling
reach your right fingertips towards the
ceiling shift your gaze off the floor
side facing wide legged forward fold
press off with your left foot to stand
up turn all ten toes towards the sweat
wall create an arm bind you could
interlace your fingers or grab opposite
elbows maybe even the towel and fold
forward stay soft in your knees keep
that active flow of blood from your feet
to your head
huginn to your core slowly stand back up
pyramid turn your left toes towards the
front of the room back leg steps up hips
square fold forward if your body isn't
feeling that bind today you can release
your hands frame your left foot find
what feels good in your body right now
twisting triangle gently release your
binds take your left palm to your left
lower back right hand stays to the floor
or comes to a block halfway lift
lengthen your spine twist towards the
windows active breath active gaze big
inhale stay and rinse exhale hands to
the mat high to low plank upward facing
dog downward facing dog
high plank at the end of a five count
slowly lower all the way down to your
mat four three two one down to your mat
arms along by your side palms face the
floor neck is it neutral take a clearing
breath in clearing breath out with an
inhale locust gently lift up to balance
on your pelvis palms face the floor ten
fingers and ten toes reach towards the
back wall
big inhale exhale gently release
clearing breath in clearing breath out
with an inhale one more locust option to
create an arm bind behind your back to
stretch out your shoulders actively
lengthen your spine through the crown of
your head
big inhale exhale gently release
clearing breath in
who earring breath out with an inhale
floor bow bend your knees grab your
ankles kick back gently work your knees
together to help keep your legs from
splaying out flex your ten toes from
skin to muscle to bone hog into your
legs gently release
clearing breath in clearing breath out
with an inhale one more floor bow kick
back four five four three strong core
two one gently release who when she wipe
your chin side to side bring some relief
to your lower back hands to the mat just
below your lower ribs upward facing dog
inhale downward facing dog exhale bridge
step your feet up to the top of your mat
roll down to a flat back
both feet face 12 o'clock feet are
hips-width apart ground into your feet
lift up onto your shoulders softening
your gluts fire up your legs
big inhale exhale gently release
clearing breath in clearing breath out
with an inhale bridge or wheel press
down to lift up four five four three
strong legs to one gently release
clearing breath in clearing breath out
both feet face 12 o'clock with an inhale
bridge or wheel press down lift up four
five four neutral pelvis
three two one gently release
clearing breath in clearing breath out
with an inhale bridge or wheel four five
four three ground into your mat two one
gently release clearing breath in
clearing breath out with an inhale
bridge or wheel five four shoulder
blades hug in three two one gently
release clearing breath in who here in
breath out with an inhale bridge or
wheel four five four three two one
gently release clearing breath in wipe
the slate clean
clearing breath out with an inhale
bridge or wheel press down lift up four
five four three two one gently release
soup to baddha konasana actively press
the soles of your feet together let your
knees fall wide one hand to your chest
one hand to your stomach
eyes are softly open few the work under
your palms
happy baby hug your knees into your
chest grab the outsides of your feet or
maybe behind your thighs flex your feet
and peel open from your shoulder blades
all the way down to your tailbone a nice
flat back through that flat back yet
opening your hips
maybe take gentle rock side to side it
was pretty great on your lower back
hug your knees into your chest take
gentle Rock side to side
maybe draw small circles with your knees
grab behind your thighs rock and roll
head to heels downward-facing dog
lizard lunch right side step your right
foot outside your right hand left knee
can come to the mat lift up onto your
right heel flex your right foot pivot
the outer edge of your right foot
to be flush with the floor hip is nice
and open towards the front of the room
you can stay on your palms or maybe come
to your forearms maybe use a block to
bring the floor close to your forearms
actively stay in your breath feel that
gentle opening in your hips decide to
stay here or take half pigeon slide your
right shin to become parallel to the top
edge of your mat right thigh parallel to
the right side edge
get into your body actively work to find
the comfort in the discomfort of the hip
openers
when I'm in hip openers my head gets
chatty things about how tight my hips
are or how long I'll have to stay there
I'm not gonna find any answers in my
head the answers are in my body
the way to get into your body is through
a simple action of breathing
downward-facing dog
wizard lunch left side
keep your left foot nice and flexed
side to stay here or take half pigeon
listen to the sound of your neighbors
breath try to match
seated forward fold gently come to a
comfortable sitting position legs long
in front of you reach your ten fingers
toward the ceiling exhale fold forward
bring a generous bend to your knees for
a nice flat back let your forehead and
chest melt closer towards your legs
fish gently release your forward fold
lean back on your forearms tuck your
fingertips under your bum open your
chest towards the ceiling
hug your shoulder blades in towards your
spine really open up through your chest
final inversion headstands or handstands
optional shoulder stand you could lift
up onto your shoulders keep your back
supported with your hands you could take
waterfowl place a block under your hips
and just lift your heels towards the
ceiling
gently letting your feet relax from
supporting you upright all day long from
shoulder stand plough let your feet fall
above your head toes do not have to
touch the floor behind you deaf man's
pose bend your knees hold your knees on
opposite sides of your head back stays
nice and supported with your hands
gently come out of your inversions come
to a nice flat back right-side supine
spinal twists hug your right knee into
your chest extend your left leg long
take your right knee over to the left T
open your right arm look over your right
shoulder
switch sides
hug your knees back to Center
soup de baddha konasana souls your feet
together knees fall wide together we let
go of our oje breath through your nose
take a big inhale through your mouth
audible exhale shavasana rest arms can
come long legs long option to bring some
relief to your lower back you can take
your feets the outer edges of your mat
bend your knees and let your knees fall
in together right now softly close your
eyes melt into your mat
bring gentle movement back to your body
wiggle your fingers your toes hug your
knees into your chest roll onto your
right side
keep your eyes softly closed come to a
comfortable sitting position hands at
heart center sit up nice and tall
three ohms
[Music]
[Laughter]
with your thumb not close to your
forehead thank you for sharing your
practice with me together to each other
well bow and say now let's say thank you
guys so much for joining me thank you
anyone on Facebook who joined us from
home I hope you're a sweaty as we